Perhaps if Michelle comes on board, we could also ask her how the
smaller images can be tweaked so that one can click on them to
enlarge?  And how the top line of links can look neater on a smart
phone. [look fine on laptop]

Almost all the changes below are a result of the fact that for some reason, when the text gets transferred, the italics are lost. Or, in the case of captions, the Roman font is lost. I've tried to capture them all in the list below, but, at least for vessel names, perhaps there's an easier way for you to find them.

New Life as Barracks

Wabash. Constitution, & Independence need to be in italics, unless it's a caption where they need to be in Roman [not the USRS or USS bits, those are fine as they are]



-caption for main image
main text
lower panel image captions for 1st & 3rd: Wabash in Roman; 4th image caption, Constitution in Roman

under More Info
Wabash in italics
image credits, ditto re all vessel names.

If you wouldn't mind reading through text, that will help us catch all vessel names. They're always set the opposite on the text in which they appear.

Transformed Land
Here, all non-English words lost their italics status

In main text Mishawum twice

Lower panel
quote: midway "there is no lack"  the "n" is missing
"From the journal" is the caption. Could you set it differently, please. Font size smaller and style Roman except for book title. 

More
What do we know...  after canoe photo, mishoon in italics, appears twice
please delete "credit" and use smaller font for the actual credit.

Where were...
2nd paragraph wetus in italics
Sources, like credit lines, smaller font size and consistent. No brackets around any of them
Simon essay, please add p. 7-11  (sorry, I forgot to include page numbers)

Who was Queen...
Highway to the Past in italics in body of text as well as credit line
Simon's essay  p.14-15.   

What happened...
in credit line, please italicize book title

How have...
in credit line, please italicize book title

How Joshua Winer...
sorry, but it should be singular "mural"  delete the "s" both in question and first line of answer.

Resources
Please italicize all book titles
Bragdon's book
Salisbury's book
Highway to the Past

Image credits
italicize:
Americae pars decima
Gaining Ground...   full title
